well the first day of the second week of
worlds groups is done with coverage
presented by mobile it exciting right
now by reckless reckless I was very
disappointed when I woke up this morning
because I realized that I was like man I
bet you fanatic doesn't do an interview
even if they went some games today cuz
you know they're probably not making it
out of groups and I wouldn't even
interview them the entire time instead I
watched immortals go 0-4 and you guys
win four games in a row so first off was
this a surprise to you or did you guys
like wake up go to the arena of knowing
that this was gonna happen it was a
surprise to us as well I think no one
expected to be long shoot to begin with
but we definitely felt like the
Immortals game could have gone either
way just as it did last week so once we
want that in such a similar like in such
a extreme fashion we felt like all the
momentum in the world was with us and we
had a much better preparation idea going
into the Marines game and we took that
pretty convincingly as well and then it
was just up to us playing immortals
again but at that point we were a bit
more worried because we felt like maybe
they like figure some stuff out maybe
they have a better plan going into the
game because if we felt like the plan
that before wasn't necessarily the most
fit for them but then they went for the
same thing again and we felt like we
kind of fixed issues from the game
before so we had a not necessarily easy
time but more dominant performance and
then in the last game Marines pulled out
something I haven't seen before we were
kind of expecting you know this whole
everyone squishy everyone's full damage
full pressure lanes and all that but
instead they actually went for a a
teamfight meta comp which they actually
played pretty well as well so it was a
tough game I think like it could have
definitely gone either way it was just a
few mistakes on their side a few minute
section hours and then eventually we had
this like one big elder fight where I
ran in and died my whole team killed him
and and we won I mean I usually don't do
that kind of stuff but it was it was
nice to for once be like on a death
timer and just already cheering yeah now
it was it just the Immortals game at the
being one that allows you to search
through back in or was there anything
that happened during the break because
obviously the I feel like the fnatic we
saw this week was very different than
from the fanatic we saw last week
so I think for last week even though we
went 0-3 there weren't so much stuff we
could have done for like the Marines
game because they showed things for the
first time like we even Scout that their
regular season summer games and they had
one lane swap out of 40 and we thought
even if there were two lanes of they
maybe wouldn't know like exactly what to
do in all scenarios and we still have
some veterans in the team so we kind of
know what to be nice hopes but then they
just had this crazy strategy with the
Nocturne getting six when we're like
level two or something so was something
new and I don't think I feel like we
could have done much different there and
then after that preparation maybe could
have been better
it was hard to know beforehand right and
long shoe is just on a level above
pretty much every other team you see at
this tournament maybe rng SKT could be
contesting I'm not sure and for the
mortals game it obviously could have
gone either way I made a mistake in the
late game that cost us a game but -
whatever very well being the winning
play and won us a game so we didn't feel
like there was no hope going into this
week or anything like that like many
people pointed it out to be but
definitely something that we fixed going
to this week was that instead of trying
to counteract what everyone else is
doing we just try to figure out a better
way for us to play the game and then
maybe make like one or small one or two
small tweaks for each raft for each
specific team so for example against
immortals we felt like they were very
successful in tank junglers we just
banned three of them in the first in the
first raft and against Marines we felt
like they were really success from Galu
because it allowed them to do this GC
new strategies that you haven't seen
before and I guess long should we just
try to play more scaling and maybe see
if we can match up against them in the
later stages which we obviously couldn't
but at least we played more than 20
minutes so that at least I mean so you
now escape as the second seed and
historically second seeds green and
quarterfinals are in a dangerous
position because I don't know if you
know this but there's they say it's
called Korean teams and they often get
the first seed and then they usually
beat whoever they face in the
quarter-final so are you first off are
you hoping to dodge Koreans and hoping
that like a random team gets into the
first place that you can take out or are
you looking to face any of these guys
you know do you have any thoughts so far
quarterfinals so we're obviously looking
to dodged SKT that's an
and I think orangey is looking really
good as well so that's the team we would
also like the doge we've been screaming
them a lot actually and they've been
looking really really good like long
shoe good so that's the team we wanna
play either but I think anyone want to
play really anyone out of Group C that
comes out like you would want to play
Sam Soon I guess you could possibly pay
G to cuz any of these have like but
that's not even possible maybe at this
point is it like orange is kind of
guaranteed first if you just win one
game yeah I think it's looking very good
for energy so let's say it's SKT orangey
and maybe maybe world elite I think
actually they have probably the best
chances you know in that out of those
three in the group D and then I would
say that we probably rather play a
Chinese team behind the Korean one
that's for sure but even then like the
Chinese teams are not bad this year I
feel like especially orangey or really
good this year so it's gonna be tough I
agree on the the second seed is gonna
have it tough send a statement I think
it's gonna be a miracle if we make it
out of court Finals but just being there
already this is a dream for many
including me because I miss worlds last
year so just being here already it's
crazy
and going to quarterfinals much much
more so but you never really know what
happens either on the day you know maybe
they have a bad day maybe we have a
great day and we just win it like 3-2 or
something close games you never really
know I haven't given up or anything like
that I'm gonna I'm gonna come to
Guangzhou and just play like it's my
last game ever you know and then if it
works it works and if it doesn't it
doesn't but Lee's done we gave it our
all and I think that's what matters is
the I imagine the teams just like
through through the roof right now
feeling super ecstatic are you guys
going to because you have quite a little
bit of downtime you know like the nice
part of having the first day for groups
is that you get like so many extra day
so do you just go back in and start
screaming again or do you have your
chance to kind of like breathe I'm
pretty sure we have an off day tomorrow
I think that's something we already
talked about that
even if you were to make it we wouldn't
we wouldn't play the day after because
people would have other obligations
maybe other interests that they would
want to do but for myself I feel like
I'm only gonna be here once like I can't
really know if I will be at Worlds ever
again and much less so in a
quarterfinals
so I feel like there's no real reason to
rest or to do anything else I'm just
gonna play Sookie when I get back
tonight and try to get screams as soon
as possible and just be as prepared as I
possibly can be so that I can go home
without regrets because I know that
previously when I went to Worlds I was
wasn't as disciplined as I am now and I
was maybe considering for example taking
a taking a day off or something if we
were to like after we won the groups for
example in in Paris and I felt like that
kind of haunted me for the rest of the
tournament I feel like I was always
always one day behind there yeah and I
know that I got I've been through that
already and it's something I want to
give to my teammates as well and kind of
tell them that I think we should just
keep playing you know because we never
know when we're going home might as well
be in a week and then I know that we're
gonna regret it if we didn't do
everything we could so soloqueue tonight
I'm joining that training Celica I heard
g2 player's hate it because they say
it's just like all the players just want
a team fight all the time in silico or
whatever it drives them crazy is there
anything that you would like to say to
any of the fans so okay so ever since I
came to China I haven't had a VPN which
I know a lot of people have and I
haven't been able to check Twitter or
Facebook or Instagram or anything like
that so I haven't really seen much what
it's all supportive no one has said a
bad thing about you guys it's as fanatic
it's okay they got this we believe with
them yeah sure I don't believe a word of
that but either way I want to say thank
you so much for for all the support
we've been getting at least in China
we've been getting a lot of support so I
think if by any means it's anywhere
close to that I'm I'm thrilled I'm happy
to be here and happy to represent Europe
and yeah we'll see you guys in
quarterfinals it's gonna be great fun to
go to another city and see more of China
I like really like China actually I
think it's a great country I didn't
expect to have so many fans either like
I came here and I expect I expect that
actually like no one to know who I was
because I know that we as Europeans at
least or Westerners maybe even have
troubles checking like checking out
what's going on in China we can't follow
their soul cues we can barely watch
their official games like I think they
started a stream much later in China to
other regions so I was surprised when
people actually knew who I was when I
came here and much you're not like a fan
club
you can't like a fan club yeah when I
had a fat loss
it's awesome like I'm happy to be around
that's for sure very very good well
thank you so much for the interview and
for else you can check out the rest of
our coverage of all things worlds right
here on my youtube channel
guess what worlds is happening in the
arena right behind me right now and I
would not be here and China covering it
if it wasn't for mobile Linux Mobile
Enix is a service that helps you figure
out your personal strengths and
weaknesses so you can get better at
League of Legends so help me out by
checking them out at mobile exceed e /
Travis